Divine Visionaries.
The foremost magic users in the world
and the force that keeps it running.
New Divine Visionaries are offered
to join the Bureau of Magic,
the supreme legal institution in this world.
They handle the majority of tasks
involving magic.
They also serve another role as state-sanctioned
forces protecting the society
from those that would harm it.
RAYNE AMES
MAGICAL TOOL ADMINISTRATION
THE SWORD CANE
Previously...
Hip, hip, hooray!
Victorious in the battle
against the Magia Lupus,
all of Lang's coins went to Adler.
This definitely brought Mash and friends
closer to becoming Divine Visionaries.
However...
As a result of the battle against Cell War,
rumors of Mash's inability to use magic
was spreading throughout the academy.
Man, we somehow pulled that off
the other day.
Time for our victory celebration after school.
We pulled it off?
I saw everything!
I'm telling the teachers!
You can't use magic!
- He can! Can too!
- But just now...
He can! Can too!
- He can! Can too!
- S-Sure.
We just shouted him into submission.
We have to do something before it—
Hey, Mash Burnedead!
Is it true that you can't use magic?
We're ruined already!
What about it, huh, Mash?
I can too.
I can. Use magic.
I can... use magic...
- I can... use magic...
- What is he? A broken record?
M-Magic...
The practice we had
afterwards is paying off. Yes!
Don't lie, man. The rumors
are going around. It's a huge deal!
Let's go, Mash.
Blub blub blub blub...
Hey, Finn. Protecting a non-magic user
will make you a criminal as well.
If you make a fake report,
you might get expelled at the worst.
So, Finn...
Fess up. Mash can't use magic, right?
Are you gonna lie, Finn?
What's the point protecting
that magicless blight-blood, Finn?
Shut up!
Who I hang out with
is none of your business!
I totally mustered some courage.
But he's really crammed in there.
It's...
LANCE
SISTER COMPLEX
- Lance!
- Sister Complex!
What was that for!?
You simply offended me. That's all.
- Hurray, Sister Complex, hurray!
- Lance.
You say you were offended?
It's...
Lemon and D-Dot?
It seems Dot's injuries were
more severe than we thought.
Six broken ribs, depressed skull,
compound fractures in all four limbs,
blood blisters, burns,
damage to multiple internal organs....
PTOO PTOO
And after school, in Adler dorm room 302,
a celebration was being held
for their victory against Lang.
Now that we have Lang's coins,
we just have to wait
for the Divine Visionary selection.
So sudden?
We're almost there, though we have
a mountain of problems!
I feel like we're sweeping aside
a huge problem.
More like...
DOOM DOOM DOOM DOOM
They're like... here!
Why is he holding a doll!?
Definitely not a party atmosphere!
Wait, is he gonna start a...
I brought a deck of cards,
just in case.
He's totally ready to party!
I don't intend to make friends with you lot,
but I'll take a hint as I should also celebrate
Abyss getting better. That's what betters do.
I kinda hate how he said that.
By the way, whoever dares
beat Lord Abel in a game...
will die by my hand.
That's not fun at all!
Don't say scary things like that.
How about some tea?
Huh? Oh.
Th-Than-Than-Thank you... very much.
WBL WBL WBL WBL
Forgive him. Abyss calls girls "females."
That's how little experience he has with them.
NOM NOM NOM
Why is she here!?
Say aah!
Mash, to show appreciation for
all you've done, let me serve you!
Oh, no, that's fine.
I can eat on my own.
Oh, you're such a meanie!
Tasty, tasty.
That's incredible, Mash!
That has to be the wrong way to feed him!
This kind of feels like we're newlyweds!
L-Lance?
By the way,
you got separated from us midway.
What were you doing in the basement?
Yeah.
After I fought the guy from Lang dorm,
I got caught up with some guys
claiming to be death row inmates.
I was fighting one of them,
but he retreated midway for some reason.
That basement has death row inmates?
So scary!
Jack.
BS.
Truly brilliant, Lord Abel.
They're playing BS by themselves!
This is too chaotic.
Mash.
As thanks for the today's invite,
I will give you a warning.
You have been targeted...
by Innocent Zero.
The worst crime syndicate
in the Magic Realm...
They were looking for people
with high magical power in this academy.
In return for helping them out,
Lord Abel gained his power.
Sorry to make you help out.
N-No problem.
Why do I have to tag along just to retrieve
a board game he forgot in his room!?
Lord Abel gained his third line
by artificial means
thanks to Innocent Zero's power.
Genuine triple-liners
are even more fearsome.
Lord Abel borrowed their power
only to gain more coins.
A small sacrifice for the greater good.
But their response...
It seems whoever Innocent Zero is seeking
has some kind of connection with you.
Be on guard. They are sure to return.
We surely will receive
some form of punishment.
We deserve it for losing sight
of our surroundings.
But Lord Abel just wanted
to create a world where kind people
like his mother could live in peace.
I knew that, yet I...
Thank you for stopping Lord Abel.
You really might be able to make it a reality.
A world where everyone can live in peace.
I'm counting on you, Mash.
'Kay.
Sneak sneak.
Sneak.
I chickened out earlier, but this time
I'm gonna find proof that he can't use magic.
Let's see now.
That's Abyss, Lang's second best?
Why are they chatting like they're buddies?
A loser like him...
What in the world is going on?
What business do you have
with this room?
L-Lang's top dog, Abel.
What is he doing here?
I said, what do you want?
Wh-What's going on!?
What were you two talking about earlier?
WBL WBL WBL WBL
And the next day, at the Bureau of Magic...
Henceforth, we will now hold
an emergency inquiry concerning
Mash Burnedead's
concealment of Lackmagic.
Mash Burnedead.
Concealing your lack of magic
is a serious crime.
Young lad.
Who created this world?
Some big shot?
It was God who created this world for us.
God created this world to be
more beautiful than anything else.
As is magic.
It is a miracle God bestowed
upon humans alone.
And what threatens this beautiful,
harmonious miracle is your existence.
Do you understand?
You are basically a bug.
Bugs must be dealt with quickly.
Okay, but what if things
didn't have to be perfect all the time?
What!?
That is not for you to deci—
There is no such thing
as validated confidence in this world.
You are...
In the end, all that matters is success.
To do that,
you first need to believe in yourself.
You've got the potential
to become a real man.
RYOH GRANTZ
MAGIC SECURITY FORCES CAPTAIN
THE LIGHT CANE
A Divine Visionary.
What are you doing here?
Details like that don't matter!
Right, Mushroom?
Oh? Yes.
But you see, Mushroom...
We live within the rules.
The rules exist for the majority.
If we accommodated for everyone,
order would never be upheld.
Then, what should we do? It's simple.
You sway the majority to your side.
By the way, the legitimacy of the opinion
is not all that important.
All that matters is who's talking.
A candle?
Light it. Without touching it, of course.
Without touching it?
That's right.
Magic is everything in this world.
So you need to show us
a miracle stronger than magic.
Are you truly manly?
Then prove it.
This is absurd.
Asking someone with no magic
to light that without touching it?
His wand?
What is someone who can't use magic
going to do with a wand?
He can't possibly do anything.
Really, Sir Ryoh is quite cruel.
Asking for the impossible
so he will give up.
He's rubbing the wand at tremendous speed
against the ground,
and is creating fire with friction!
But the ground is totally made of stone.
I get it.
I'll sway the majority...
with my fist.
You're hot stuff!
Oh! Divine Visionaries!
Punishment for a magicless student?
What kind of foolishness...
Man, I hate stuff like this!
Stop whining.
What exactly is Mr. Wahlberg thinking?
Brr. Cold.
Regulations exist to maintain order.
There are no exceptions.
So I guess we're adjourning for now.
What selfish nonsense
are you talking about!?
Such a thing would never be allowed!
Huh? What is this?
Hey, what the heck?
Why do you act
like things have been resolved?
What? All of you are...
Divine Visionaries!
What in the world brings you here?
It's such a drag, but Mr. Wahlberg
asked us to be here.
RENATUS REVOL
MAGICAL CEMETERY ADMINISTRATION
THE IMMORTAL CANE
C-Cold.
TSURARA HALESTONE
MAGIC RESEARCH ADMINISTRATION
THE ICE CANE
What a drag. Let's go home.
Someone's being noisy.
KALDO GEHENNA
MAGIC TALENT ADMINISTRATION
THE FLAME CANE
Who are you talking to
with that attitude?
There's nobody other than you,
no matter how you think about it.
AGITO TYRONE
MAGICAL CREATURES ADMINISTRATION
THE DRAGON CANE
While in accordance with the regulations,
I believe flexibility is the wisest course.
SOPHINA BRIVIA
FORBIDDEN MAGICAL TEXTS ADMINISTRATION
THE KNOWLEDGE CANE
Regulations exist to rein in
individuals with differing ideas.
If we allow exceptions, the system fails.
ORTER MADL
MAGICAL POWER ADMINISTRATION
THE DESERT CANE
Especially for us,
those who stand above others.
It is outrageous for us to accept
exceptions due to fleeting emotions.
On top of that, he hid that he was
a Lackmagic and attended Easton Academy.
He must atone for it all with death.
SHOCK...
Shock...
You may assume that this
is the consensus from all Divine Visionaries.
That opinion is unacceptable.
W-We are...
Innocent Zero.
That boy...
belongs to us.
Hands off.
Why is Innocent Zero...
It seems that boy
has unusual origins after all.
I am nobody's possession.
You think anyone
cares about that right now?
We are serious. As proof...
We have embedded
a magiparasite inside this human.
A magiparasite!?
Um, who are you?
A magiparasite.
A specific dangerous magical creature
that feeds off mana
and uses humans
as a host for its larvae.
It reacts to those who try to peel it off
from the host, using them as the next host.
Consider this our
statement of intent to you all.
That this world belongs to us.
In other words, a declaration of war
against the Bureau of Magic.
Eager to end this long-standing
conflict of ours?
Wonderful.
I will remove the magiparasite.
That's reckless!
A magiparasite is a nemesis especially
for powerful magic users.
If it gets you,
it'll make you into its chrysalis!
Then who are you saying will do it?
Now that this has happened, I, the strongest
and hottest guy in the Magic Realm, will...
Huh?
What are you doing!?
Why would you do that?
Weren't you listening
to my narration earlier!?
If you forcefully peel it off from the host,
you become the next host!
BRR BRR
The magiparasite is tied up
like a dog balloon animal!
RUSTLE RUSTLE
BUREAU OF MAGIC STAFFER
NEREY SHAWN
What just happened!?
It totally entered your mouth!
So you tied it up in your mouth?
Like a cherry stem!?
Yep. I tied it with my tongue.
That's ridiculous!
HUFF HUFF
He realized he couldn't kill it
in his mouth,
so he tied it together
to immobilize it instead!?
BUREAU OF MAGIC STAFFER
NEREY SHAWN
And what a gentle way to handle him!
It looks like he's ascended
to heaven already!
I defeated the enemy messenger,
and the old man has been spared.
Case closed.
Mr. Bless! I'm so glad. I was wondering
for a moment what would happen to you.
Such flawless actions.
You're a treasure.
Your issue has not been resolved yet.
Regulations are regulations.
Your opinion should not be respected
as you cannot use magic.
That's the rule in this world.
Therefore, you will face
the death penalty as planned.
We'll be taking you—
I won't go.
Now you can't take me, can you?
What are you, a child?
Throwing a tantrum won't save you.
I won't go.
Hold it!
You said your opinion
was the consensus of all of us.
But you haven't heard my take yet.
We don't need your opinion.
Strictly obey the regulations.
That is the rule of this world.
Therefore, I will execute it.
I'm telling you to listen!
Oh, this sword...
M-Mr. Wahlberg.
And Rayne!
During the inquiry
about the concealment of Lackmagic,
there was a sudden intrusion
by Divine Visionaries.
On top of that, Wahlberg showed up.
What will happen to the future
of Mash Burnedead,
who cannot fathom the situation at all?
NEXT EPISODE
MASH BURNEDEAD AND THE HOME VISIT